README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Update Readme and organize App folder

README.md, after:

# Github User Search

This web application has a simple search of GitHub users using the public Github API.
when the app is loaded it gets first the Octocat user information.
Is possible to search for the username in the search bar input and get its information by clicking on the Search button.

## Running the App

To run the app in the development mode use yarn to install and start the application:

```
yarn
yarn start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Testing

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Tech stach and Libs

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Besides this, the APP is build using:

- Typescript;
- [React Query](https://react-query-v3.tanstack.com/);
- [CSS-Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules);
- [React-testing-library](https://testing-library.com/)
